Website content:

About me:
I was born and raised in Marshall, MN, and I graduated from MHS in 2007. I currently live in Marshall, and have lived in Lyon County my whole life. I love this area and the people who help make it a great place to live with all my heart. 

My first job was rock-picking when I was 12. I've continued to work in the area since then. I've had many different jobs and worked with many different people throughout the years. Those jobs include but are not limited to being a Lead at the Schwan's Distribution Center (the freezer), working with the differently abled at HSI and the Mentor Network, working as a custodian for Marshall Public Schools, working as a plumber, drain-cleaner, and pumping septic tanks.

I've always considered the people I worked with as the best benefit any job could provide. I've never met a person I wasn't willing to work with, and I get along with pretty much everyone. Treating people well in my daily life is very important to me. I have a strong work ethic, and telling the truth is something that is very important to me. I take it very seriously. I also take all of the work I do very seriously. I have been criticized many times for taking my job too seriously. 

I will bring that same work ethic, that importance I place in the truth, my ability to work with anyone, my friendly nature and my serious work-attitude to the state house if you decide I am worthy of such an honor.

Top Priorities:

Education: 

Learning is one of my passions. I love it. The education I received at Mareshall Public Schools was top-notch and the teachers there are one of the main reasons I love learning. I plan to make all schools in District 15A even better for every student, teacher, administrator, custodian, food-service person, councelor, teacher's assistant, para-professional, and everyone who makes our school districts some of the best in the state and nation. 

Attracting more teachers to reduce class sizes, making sure the kids have the resources they need to succeed, making sure the custodial staff have the tools, equipment and the people they need to provide kids with a safe and clean learning environment, supporting our special education teachers by providing them with the resources and support they need, and most importantly keeping the children safe and healthy. 

Opportunities for Young People and Growing our Communities:

It's no secret many young people decide to leave our area. I have many friends who have made that decision. The reasons for doing so are many and varied, but most of the time it boils down to not having enough opportunities. I will work my hardest to bring more opportunities that young people find appealing. By doing so, I believe we can convince more young people to stick around and attract others to move to our area. Every community in our district is different, so the solutions have to be different, too. 

I will work with every single community in our district to make sure they have the resources and support they need in order to grow in the ways they need. I will not tell them what they do or do not need, but I will give my input if it is wanted.

Infrastructure:

Infrastructure is essential for growing communities. If you select me as your state representative, I will work my hardest to make sure our communities receive investments from the state to repair and improve existing infrastructure and build new infrastructure where it's needed. Maintaining and building this up will help attract many types of businesses as many of their infrastructure needs will already be in place. It will also be easier and cheaper for families to settle in the area, to build houses and to grow as a family. 

This means bringing more life, love, laughter, opportunities and prosperity into our communities.

Police, EMS and Firefighting:

I don't think I need to tell you how important these people are to our community. I will work my hardest to make sure every police department, every ambulance service, and every fire department has the resources they need in order to serve their communities to the best of their abilities. I will work to make sure every single police officer, medic, and firefighter has what they need. Which means good pay with great benefits, the best training we can provide, the equipment to keep them and the people they are serving safe, and the support networks that they need in order to feel confident in doing their jobs. I will work to make sure they have access to the care they need, whether they're injured on or off the job. 

It matters not if that injury is of the flesh or mind, we will take care of them.

Culture: 

"Minnesota Nice" is more than just a saying to us Minnesotans. It's our way of life. This means fostering a culture of respect, humility, kindness, truthfulness and hardwork. We work to take care of our families and communities, and most of us do so gladly most of the time. We do so not for recognition or greed, but because we love our families, our friends, our communities, our state, and our country. Recognition is nice, but most of us don't need it to know that what we do helps our families and community. At the same time, it is important to recognize those who work on our behalf, to be thankful that they spend some of they're valuable time to help make our communities the great places they are. 

Budget and Tax Reform:

Budgets and taxes are serious business, and I plan to take these matters very seriously. I will scrutinize all spending and cut waste whenever I see it.

I will work to bring tax relief to those who need it: Working families who are struggling to put food on the table. Small business owners who put their everything into their businesses and barely scrape by. Seniors who have worked their entire lives only to realize that their retirement savings aren't enough to cover their expenses, so they come out of retirement to pay for medication, housing and food. In my view, it is these people who need tax relief, not the wealthy or huge corporations who push small businesses out of our communities.

Environment:

The environment is very important to me, as it is to all Minnesotans. Clean air and water are essential for not only our health, but the plants and animals we depend on for food, clothing and fuel. It is not okay for someone to knowingly or unknowingly poison their neighbors. 

We already have some very good environmental regulations and laws, so I will work to improve these laws by making them easier to understand. I'll help make it easier to know if something or some practice is harmful, and I will work on incentivizing behavior that promotes a healthy environment for all of us. I will also look at ways to make things easier for smaller businesses who are expected to follow the same regulations huge corporations. huge corporations have the capital and resources to meet most of these regulations fairly easily. Smaller businesses do not.

Minnesota wouldn't be Minnesota if we couldn't fully enjoy the great outdoors, so we need to take these matters seriously.

Equal rights:

I plan to make sure that our laws are equal for everyone. It doesn't matter if your rich or poor, what race or sex you are, your sexual orientation or your religion. Everyone is equal under the law. The law of the land does not discriminate.

Preciseness in Legislation:

This means making laws and regulations clearer and easier to understand. By bringing preciseness to our laws, we will avoid confusion and, in turn, increase compliance. 

Privacy Rights:

Privacy is very important to me, as it is to many people. We need to continue protecting medical records from those from out of state who would try criminalize anyone who seek medical care in our state. Protecting children's privacy in public, at school, while their on the internet, it's all important and should be a top priority for everyone. 

I personally do not like the fact that pretty much everything we do now is recorded and tracked by corporations who turn around and sell our data to anyone who wants it and has enough money to do so. This practice is turning disturbing in many ways, and I believe there needs to be clear legislation stating the limits and stiff penalties for those corporations and people who violate those limits.